we just come back from Suzuka it was
very hard and very long days for me it
was very nice experience we could fight
for the mask positions until 3i was
trouble so finally we did not finish
rest but it was really nice experience I
could light long time fire played
against you i'm looking forward to come
back to my back because the bike
highlight was like compromise with the
pair either so was not some polish some
things was not product for me so I'm
little fall back to my bike to set up a
bike last last days we find out
something positive in the qualify so we
try to keep going on see how is the
weather going on
the focus for the for the last
particular Superman so we hope put the
item feel better game here silverstone
on thursday just got back from Suzuka
lrs which we with one unbelievable
feeling so you're coming here is a
little bit strange because i'm still on
such a high from that risk so it's nice
to be able to take that motivation and
silverstone a circuit that i love and
good results here in the past 2010 I got
second in both races so looking forward
to going back to basics a little bit
with the bike to where we know and and
looking for the good feeling that we saw
its firing Bruno and hopefully we can
come up when you're really looking
forward to seeing they're very scarred
again for the second time this year and
hopefully we can put on a good show
comes on
you